docs: Add handcrafted documentation (#141)
lacework/python-sdk: docs-source/static/authentication.rst

==================================
Lacework Python SDK Authentication
==================================

Once you have installed the SDK you will need to determine how you
want to pass authentication information to the SDK. There are a

> variety of ways to do this however they all require a valid API key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variety of ways to do this, however they all require a valid API key
```

for the Lacework account you wish to access with the SDK. Note that
API keys are generated at the account level only, not a the organization level.
You must have/generate a key for each account you need access to.

> To read more about generating Lacework API keys read the Lacework docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about generating Lacework API keys
```

`here <https://docs.lacework.net/api/api-access-keys-and-tokens>`_.

> If you aren't sure what a Lacework organization is you can read `here <https://docs.lacework.net/console/organization-overview>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about Lacework organizations `here <https://docs.lacework.net/console/organization-overview>`_.
```

Once you have created an API key in the Lacework console you should download
the JSON file containing your new API credentials. This will contain 3 or 4 properties
depending on whether the keys you generated are part of a Lacework organization. These

> properties are will be ``keyId``, ``secret``, ``account``, and optionally ``subaccount``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
properties are will be ``keyId``, ``secret``, ``account``, and optionally ``subaccount``.
```

> (if your key comes from a Lacework organization the the ``account`` property represents the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If your key comes from a Lacework organization the the ``account`` property represents the
```

name of the organization and the ``subaccount`` property represents that name of the account

> within that organization.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within that organization.
```

Be sure keep these credentials **SECURE**!

Now that you have this file you can choose which method of authentication to use:

Auth Method 1: Install the Lacework CLI
=======================================

> The Lacework Python SDK does **NOT** require that you install the Lacework CLI tool. However if you do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Lacework Python SDK does **NOT** require that you install the Lacework CLI tool. However, if you do
```

have the Lacework CLI `installed <https://docs.lacework.net/cli#install-the-lacework-cli>`_ AND
`configured <https://docs.lacework.net/cli#configure-the-cli>`_ then as part of it's configuration

> process it will create a file in your home directory called ``.lacework.toml`` which will contain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process the CLI will create a file in your home directory called ``.lacework.toml``. This file has
```

> one or more sections containing Lacework credentials, with each section representing creds for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one or more sections containing Lacework credentials, with each section representing information for a
```

single Lacework account.

If you have this file in place and you have not specified credentials using any other method then

> the Python SDK willuse the credentials stored there to access the Lacework API endpoints. Note that by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Python SDK will use those credentials. Note, by
```
